GL-1192-Prepare filenames for downstream tools (#75)
broadinstitute/warp: pipelines/skylab/smartseq2_single_sample/SmartSeq2SingleSample.changelog.md

# 5.0.1

2020-09-18 (Date of Last Commit)

> * Chack if input fastq files are compressed in HISAT2.wdl task

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added check to see if input fastq files are compressed in HISAT2.wdl task
```
